Aay AayAay Aay.
Ooh OohOoh Ooooh.
Ay Ay
Needless to say, it's semi-soft
Pale yellow cheese, yeahnevertheless
American cheese nowwith an orange rind
Cow's milk cheese yeahI'm loving it's kind.
Needless to say nowI'm a huge fan
Made in Wisconsinnevertheless
Favorite of cheeseseasy to find
Wonderful flavorsalways on mind.
Thinking in a bad waythinking about it
Getting distractedknow I can't quit
Someone took a big bitedon't know how that felt
It was my cheese yeahpretty on tilt
OoooOOOOOooohhh
Some things you just can't choose
When it's gone I've got the blues
and I'm trying not to lose
You'll be left out to dryunless I purchase ya
You're a great MuensterI think I love you too much
You're a great MuensterYou're a great Muenster